Now when we know all this,
still we get caught up on the left side.
Sahaja Yogis do get caught up.
That's why I think this Mahavira Jayanti
is a very, very great day for us to observe.
Now why was He called Mahavira?
Because only a person like Him - Vir means a person who is brave,
who is chivalrous - because only He could do this.
So only He could enter into the being fully
and could kill or you can say destroy
those horrible rakshasas, devils,
all these negative things that come to us.
Now as you know we use left side very much
for so many negativity that is torturing us;
but if there is no help,
say, from Mahavira we cannot do it.
We  call the name of Mahavira -
you could call Him Saint Michael, you can call Him by any name,
but Mahavira because He was a human being.
All this works out because of Him
and He is such a great identity.
He, Himself took a birth as a human being.
Difficult for saints to take birth as human being.
Moreover, you see, the
whole concept
of hell and all that is described
in any scripture is a fact: it exists.
And if you try to go in there, you see,
when I try to go there and to find out,
I just go off to sleep sort of thing. In My sleep I find out
all the things that are happening about a person,
how much he's caught up, what he's done.
It's a - not a easy thing to do with the conscious mind.
You have to take to the subconscious
and you have to go into sushupti, in a deeper sleep
to see what's happening in the left side.
It's a very funny situation, I think,
and for Sahaja Yogis also to enter in it, I would not advise it.
But one should get rid of the problems of the left side
with the help of Mahavira.
When this chakra is caught up what you find is a big
lump of bone coming out on the right side.
So you have to take the name of Mahavira
just to remove that pressure from the left side.
Now many people do not even know why they suffer:
Why should they suffer when they have done nothing wrong?
Because they are possessed.
Now even the viruses and all these things
like psychosomatic troubles, like cancer -
all, I would say the incurable diseases
are there because we are triggered into the left side,
and that's why we are suffering from these diseases
which are not curable.
So we have to thank really very much Mahavira
who has given us this power
to remove our left-sided problems,
who has given us this light in our hand,
which He Himself vibrates
and He, Himself tries to throw some light
on the obscure things - about Me also.
Because of Him only
we can get cured
of so many physical and mental troubles.
You know that the left side can be easily cured
if you use three-candle treatment.
That shows Mahavira is only fond of light,
He doesn't like darkness.
And His idea is, I think that way,
is to now fully go all the way
to clear the left side as far as possible,
to help Sahaja Yoga to be established
in countries where I find still lot of this negativity is there,
lot of it.
So He is working it out, everywhere,
and the psychosomatic diseases and all these diseases
also we can work it out with candle light and all that,
with three-candle we can do this treatment.
So we have to be very thankful to Him
that He has achieved this kind of entry
into the left side and has found out for us
what sort of problems exist on the left side.